bloodied sheets and pillows
a bloody stain on the crib in
neighborhood with a toy alas it is not
staged scene from the trailer
real time shooting
This appeared yesterday eye
Montenegrin apartment operatives
businessmen andrew and alain lifter
only corpses were removed from the frame
They were three Andrei Alena their six-year-old
son tragedy happened here at
Cosmonauts street, house 10 Chernogorsk
the family lived in the usual two-room
apartment on the fifth floor of a panel house
and as neighbors say it was
calm and balanced and
friendly people they never
quarreled among themselves and did not enter
altercation with neighbors
investigative department of Chernogorsk
alarm sounded the relatives of the victims
spouse lifter for two days not
answered their phone calls through
balcony door operatives entered the
apartment where they found all traces
unleashed tragedy found the body
three people unfortunately was
child found during the inspection of the place
incident detected
how do we think suicide note in
which states that a man is recognized
guilty also left money
workshop vs similarity with a senin
sky tragedies a year ago
really face it we are here
left suicide notes and
significant amounts of money but recall
suicide and murderer own family
Peter Ivanishin according to the testimony
relatives and neighbors differed
unbalanced you can even say
wild temper
pursued the spouse with which was
divorced in contrast to Montenegrin
entrepreneur andrew lifter
characterized positively by neighbors by
the landing talk for ten s
over the years never heard of
the flats lifters no cry
family quarrels themselves greeted this one
ill-fated night everything was quiet about
that no one from close circle at first
did not even guess the tragedy says
the fact that the day after her
and the death of spouses and their son dates from
July 29 in alpi supermarket
their women's clothing department
worked as usual apparently seller
knew nothing about what happened however
today the role of the shutters are closed in the morning
tell sellers from nearby
departments store point here lifters
opened just a couple of months ago but
girls have already managed to make yourself
impression about these people
very positive family is not always like
together he would always come with her
as a child we went home to work and
and brought not even dumps yet
only today will have learned only
Today lyudmila close friend Alena
lifter she can not cope with
your emotions are so strong
shocks
This kind of person notices and he is nothing
I can’t say anything bad at all and how
Andrew could kill his only
the long-awaited son who is named
was in his honor andrew this lyudmila
cannot imagine such
terrible tragedy nothing at all
foreshadowed trade in lifters with her words
was successful so that the financial crisis
excluded
ravine they had
Daniel no no no no Hotel
Absolutely generally mysterious creepy
the crime of many baffles
prosperous family secured that
Andrew could push lifter to double
murder and suicide what is the motive and is it possible
leave a note to count
proof that the killer is
he has crawled across Montenegro today
rumors that on the night of July 30 in the same
panel five-story building on the street
astronauts who do not perform on the
went down from the balcony of the fifth floor and how
it became known already from reliable
source literally at the same time in the next
the square was slaughtered by a young man and
his girlfriend
the doctors managed to save only the girl
the suspect was detained hot
footsteps are possible between all these
there is no connection by events
but the fact that their strange coincidence in
time raises questions cannot be denied
anyway today
criminal case of family murder
lifters excited and already coming
preliminary investigation we will return to
topic as soon as new ones become known
details truth is always somewhere near
Elena Lobanova Dmitry Kornilov
television abakan